This is a "port" of ChaN's [http://elm-chan.org/fsw/ff/00index_e.html FatFs] to
the [http://www.navspark.com.tw/ NavSpark] platform and the modified Arduino
IDE used for programming NavSparks. It requires the [http://navspark.mybigcommerce.com/adapter-board-for-navspark-navspark-bd-navspark-gl/ Adapter Board]
for the microSD card slot, or possibly any SD card slot wired identically
(schematic is available on that store page).

This work was started by Jason Lin and/or others at SkyTraq. It was made
available in the [http://www.navspark.com.tw/blog/sd-card-library-for-adapter-board SD Card Library for Adapter Board]
forum post as a ZIP file. I moved all of the files (including the ones
"embedded" in the example sketch) into a new library and moved that sketch
into the examples directory. This allows it to be easily installed as a
"library" in the Arduino IDE. I packaged this up as a ZIP file and made it
available on the forum. That ''should'' be what's in the "forum-release" tag.

I then started seriously hacking on the code. I expanded on the wrapper classes in
<tt>FatFileSystem.{h,cpp}</tt>, making separate <tt>File</tt>, <tt>FileInfo</tt>,
and <tt>Directory</tt> classes. This actually simplified the code somewhat, which
tried to do everything in one class. I added methods that wrapped more of
FatFs's functions for working on files, etc.

I've also upgraded to FatFs 0.10b. For some reason the original release used
version 0.07e, nearly five years old. Since I hadn't done the original
adaption, it took some trial and error to get it working. But in the end I
succeeded. The change isn't huge, but it does add some new features.

I've also added a "logger" example.
